Hahahaha
Lili
This is your karma.
Cheng Shuyu
You are still unrepentant
If anything happens to my daughter
Call you to die
Now your daughter doesn't remember you.
Even treat you as an enemy
What's the difference between this and losing a daughter?
Shi Yun
I also gave you pain.
Hmph Chen Shuyu
If you have any grievances
You can totally come at me
Don't involve others
Shi Yu also acted according to what his father said
This has nothing to do with him
Now you're forcing the palace to rebel
Unrepentant
Indiscriminate killing
Pass the order down
Abolish the Easy King
Everything is delicious
Demoted to civilians
Reclaim all his troops
The patient is fine
Just see the doctor later
Doctor, my daughter's memory
Can it be restored?
It depends on his recovery